MMDS JSON response support (#1772)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/mmds.md

```json
{
"ipv4_address": "169.254.169.200",

> "json_response": true

Reviewer: I would prefer this way of configuring MMDS:

```suggestion
"response_format": "JSON",
```
or

```suggestion
"response_format": "IMDS",
```

If MMDS configuration is not provided before booting up the guest, the MMDS
IPv4 address defaults to `169.254.169.254`.

# MMDS requests 

> From within a guest, an user can retrieve MMDS metadata in IMDS and JSON formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guests workloads that request metadata from MMDS  can choose to receive the response in IMDS or JSON format.
```
